.\" $Id: web100.7,v 1.3 2002/09/05 20:00:20 engelhar Exp $
.TH web100 7 "26 February 2002" "Web100 Userland" "Web100"
.SH NAME
web100 \- the Web100 project which allows gathering and manipulating
statistics about network connections.
.SH SYNOPSIS
Please see \fIhttp://www.web100.org/\fR.
.UE
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Web100 project is a combination of a kernel patch, a shared library,
and a set of userland utilities to enable developers, network engineers,
and end users to gather and manipulate statistics about their network
connections, in addition to improving their performance.
.PP
The kernel portion of the Web100 project is responsible for gathering
the data from the network connections and making it available to
userland in a standardized form.  This form has been submitted as a
draft RFC to the W3C, in the form of an extension to RFC 2012.
.PP
The shared library is responsible for parsing the data the kernel makes
available and presenting it to applications in a flexible, efficient
manner.  Most applications should be written to target the shared
library API, as the library may be ported to different operating systems
and automatically handle the differences in how the kernel presents the
data to userland.  Please refer to \fIweb100/web100.h\fR for the full
API of the shared library.
.PP
The utilities which are distributed with the Web100 project enable
network engineers and end users to see and manipulate extensive,
detailed statistics about their network connections in a user-friendly
manner.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gutil (1),
.BR readall (1),
.BR readvar (1),
.BR deltavar (1),
.BR writevar (1),
.BR libweb100 (3)
