.\" $Id: web100_log_open_write.3,v 1.1 2002/06/27 21:16:45 jestabro Exp $
.TH WEB100_LOG 3 "27 JUNE 2002" "Web100 Userland" "Web100"
.SH NAME
web100_log_open_write, web100_log_open_read, web100_log_write,
web100_log_close_write, web100_log_close_read,
web100_snap_from_log, web100_snapshot_alloc_from_log
\- read/write the values of Web100 variables from/to a file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <web100/web100.h>
.PP
.nf
.BI "web100_log* web100_log_open_write(char* " logname ", web100_connection* " conn ", web100_group* " group ");"
.BI "web100_log* web100_log_open_read(char* " logname ");"
.BI "int web100_log_write(web100_log* " log ", web100_snapshot* " snap ");"
.BI "int web100_log_close_write(web100_log* " log ");"
.BI "int web100_log_close_read(web100_log* " log "); " 
.BI "int web100_snap_from_log(web100_snapshot* " snap ", web100_log* " log ");
.BI "web100_snapshot* web100_snapshot_alloc_from_log(web100_log* " log ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The values of Web100 variables are read atomically from the kernel
on a per connection, per
\fIgroup\fR basis; these atomic snapshots may be written to a file, and later
recovered using the \fIweb100_log\fR functions. Snapshots are written to a file
using \fBweb100_log_write\fR. The manner of reading snapshots
from a log file mirrors that of reading live data, as follows: to read live
data, one first calls \fBweb100_snapshot_alloc\fR, and obtains an atomic
snapshot with \fBweb100_snap\fR; to read logged data, one first calls
\fBweb100_snapshot_alloc_from_log\fR, and then obtains the logged snapshot with
\fBweb100_snap_from_log\fR. \fIweb100_log\fR file handling is done through the
appropriate open and close functions.
.PP
\fBweb100_log_open_write\fR opens a \fIweb100_log\fR file for writing live
data.
\fBweb100_log_open_read\fR opens a web100_log file for reading logged data.
.PP
\fBweb100_log_write\fR writes a snapshot to a writable \fIweb100_log\fR file.
.PP
\fBweb100_log_close_write\fR closes a writable \fIweb100_log\fR file.
\fBweb100_log_close_read\fR closes a readable \fIweb100_log\fR file.
.PP
\fBweb100_snapshot_alloc_from_log\fR allocates a snapshot structure of
sufficient size for reading from a given \fIweb100_log\fR file.
\fBweb100_snap_from_log\fR reads the next snapshot from the \fIweb100_log\fR file.  
.SH RETURN VALUES
\fBweb100_log_open_write\fR, respectively, \fBweb100_log_open_read\fR return the
writable, resp., readable \fIweb100_log\fR file, or NULL upon failure.
.PP
\fBweb100_log_write\fR, \fBweb100_log_close_write\fR, \fBweb100_log_close_read\fR,
and \fBweb100_snap_from_log\fR, return 0 upon success, or \fIweb100_errno\fR
upon failure.
.PP
\fBweb100_snapshot_alloc_from_log\fR returns \fIweb100_snapshot\fR, or NULL
upon failure.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libweb100 (3)
